# KEML sample

This project holds sample files on which you can try out the different KEML modules. We prepared to conversations from our first case study (log4j) with all corresponding files as **introductoryExamples** in a folder with that name.
You can run the KEML code on it to re-generate files and compare the content (most convenient with `git diff`).

## Expected Folder Structure
All modules of KEML make basic assumptions on where their input files are located relative to a base (topic) folder and where to write their files to (in our case that is introductoryExamples.
The following folder/file names have a dedicated meaning and files within might be overwritten when running KEML code:

- **conv.json**: original conversations in one JSON file as exported from ChatGPT
- **conv/**:  Folder holding one JSON per conversation of conv.json. The conversation title is the file title. This folder can be generated using [keml.io](https://github.com/keml-group/keml.io). Its files are used when enhancing a KEML file with the original conversation via keml.io.
- **graphml/**: Folder holding graphML files for conversations. KEML files can be generated from those using [keml.io](https://github.com/keml-group/keml.io). Then, the graphML file name becomes both KEML file name and conversation title within KEML.
- **png/**: Optional folder, holding visualizations of the graphML files - mainly for documentation purposes and for viewing the graphML files without an editor like yEd.
- **keml/**: Folder holding KEML files for conversations. These files can either be generated from graphML sources via [keml.io](https://github.com/keml-group/keml.io) or created using the KEML editor you can generate from [keml](https://github.com/keml-group/keml). 
- **analysis/**: Folder holding all analysis files generated by [keml.analysis](https://github.com/keml-group/keml.analysis). Each file name starts with that of the respective keml file.

More details on assumptions on those files and generation mechanisms are available on the repsective repositories.

## License
The samples project is subject to (C) 2023-2024, SoftLang Research Team, University of Koblenz, Faculty of CS, contact Susanne Göbel or Ralf Lämmel. Restricted access. Do not share. Access is currently only granted by the copyright holders as part of research and teaching activities involving the SoftLang Team at the University of Koblenz. Less restricting sharing and copy righting is deferred for now.
